.JSTools/_Runtime/README.md, before:

# MultisynqJS Runtime Files

Croquet needs a JavaScript engine to execute JS code, and its supporting JS code. This folder contains both.

## Platforms

Depending on the host OS and build configuration, Croquet can use one of three ways to execute JavaScript:

### WebView

This is the preferred option. It uses the platform's own JS runtime via a WebView. This currently works on MacOS, iOS, and Android builds.

C# creates a Web Server and a WebView. The WebView loads `WebView/webview.html` from the Web Server. The HTML file loads the Croquet JS code. The JS code opens a WebSocket connection to the Web Server and thus establishes a communication channel between C# and JS.

### Node

On Windows, we launch a Web Server and a NodeJS process to execute JS code. The Croquet JS code opens a WebSocket connection to the Web Server and thus establishes a communication channel between C# and JS.

### WebGL

On WebGL builds, the Web Browser provides the JS execution context. It essentially loads `WebGL/index.html` which executes both the C# code that has been compiled to WASM, and the Croquet JS code. Since both run in the same JS context, they communicate directly, rather than via a WebSocket.

The build process copies this folder and a bundle of all the JS source code into `Assets/WebGLTemplates/MultisynqLoader`, from which the regular Unity WebGL build continues.

## Packages

### `@croquet/unity-bridge`

This is the JS code implementing the communication between Unity and Croquet. It is loaded by the runtime engines mentioned above. In Croquet terms, it provides services to make C# able to act as Croquet Views (a.k.a. Pawns in Worldcore terms). For example, it exports `GameViewRoot`. The corresponding Models are in the next package.

### `@croquet/game-models`

This provides Croquet Models essential to the working of the Unity Bridge. Your application code imports at least `GameModelRoot` as the root model for your Croquet application.

### TODO

The original reason for splitting off `@croquet/game-models` into its own file was to be able to use it from both Unity and Non-Unity builds. We probably should merge them back together into one package.

Also, these JS packages should live in the Unity package because they depend on the Unity Bridge version.

Commit message:

Link to JS code inside package

.JSTools/_Runtime/README.md, after:

# MultisynqJS Runtime Files

Croquet needs a JavaScript engine to execute JS code, and its supporting JS code. This folder contains both.

## Platforms

Depending on the host OS and build configuration, Croquet can use one of three ways to execute JavaScript:

### WebView

This is the preferred option. It uses the platform's own JS runtime via a WebView. This currently works on MacOS, iOS, and Android builds.

C# creates a Web Server and a WebView. The WebView loads `WebView/webview.html` from the Web Server. The HTML file loads the Croquet JS code. The JS code opens a WebSocket connection to the Web Server and thus establishes a communication channel between C# and JS.

The build process copies `webview.html` and a bundle of all the JS source code to `Assets/StreamingAssets` to be deployed with the app.

### Node

On Windows, we launch a Web Server and a NodeJS process to execute JS code. The Croquet JS code opens a WebSocket connection to the Web Server and thus establishes a communication channel between C# and JS.

The build process copies `node.exe` and a bundle of all the JS source code to `Assets/StreamingAssets`.

### WebGL

On WebGL builds, the Web Browser provides the JS execution context. It essentially loads `WebGL/index.html` which executes both the C# code that has been compiled to WASM, and the Croquet JS code. Since both run in the same JS context, they communicate directly, rather than via a WebSocket.

The build process copies this folder and a bundle of all the JS source code into `Assets/WebGLTemplates/MultisynqLoader`, from which the regular Unity WebGL build continues.
